tutorial.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: R Tutorial
nav_order: 3
description: Basic ERGMs with R
---

# R Tutorial

In this portion of the workshop, we will work through R code for ERGMs together. The code should work in most coding environments if you have [R](https://www.r-project.org/){:target="_blank"} (>=4.0.5) installed.

---

## Binder cloud notebook
The tutorial is organized as a Jupyter notebook. This means you can follow along and run the code while looking at the notes and code output. To use this, you will need to install [Jupyter Lab](https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/getting_started/installation.html){:target="_blank"}. 

I have set up a cloud notebook with the required settings with [Binder](https://mybinder.org/){:target="_blank"}. Click the badge below to launch the tutorial notebook for our workshop on Binder:

[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/tedhchen/ergmWorkshop/HEAD){:target="_blank"}

It will take a bit of time to load. Once you see the screen with the `notebooks` folder, click on it, then click on `ergm_tutorial.ipynb`, and you're set to go.

Some notes about using Binder:
- the notebook can timeout if left alone for some time
- you can download the notebook to run locally

---

## If not Binder, choose your preferred format

- [HTML of the notebook, pre-run]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link assets/ergm_tutorial.html %}){:target="_blank"} (see the notes and code)
- [HTML of the notebook, post-run]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link assets/ergm_tutorial_run.html %}){:target="_blank"} (see the notes and all the results of the code)
- [Github with the notebook](https://github.com/tedhchen/ergmWorkshop){:target="_blank"} (download the notebook to run yourself)
- [R Code]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link assets/ergm_tutorial.r %}){:target="_blank"} (download the R code to run in another environment e.g. RStudio)

Commit message:

added note about older html versions of the notebooks

tutorial.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: R Tutorial
nav_order: 3
description: Basic ERGMs with R
---

# R Tutorial

In this portion of the workshop, we will work through R code for ERGMs together. The code should work in most coding environments if you have [R](https://www.r-project.org/){:target="_blank"} (>=4.0.5) installed.

---

## Binder cloud notebook
The tutorial is organized as a Jupyter notebook. This means you can follow along and run the code while looking at the notes and code output. To use this, you will need to install [Jupyter Lab](https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/getting_started/installation.html){:target="_blank"}. 

I have set up a cloud notebook with the required settings with [Binder](https://mybinder.org/){:target="_blank"}. Click the badge below to launch the tutorial notebook for our workshop on Binder:

[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/tedhchen/ergmWorkshop/HEAD){:target="_blank"}

It will take a bit of time to load. Once you see the screen with the `notebooks` folder, click on it, then click on `ergm_tutorial.ipynb`, and you're set to go.

Some notes about using Binder:
- the notebook can timeout if left alone for some time
- you can download the notebook to run locally

---

## If not Binder, choose your preferred format

**[These html files were run with older packages a couple years ago, but there is no substantive difference between them and the current results.]**

- [HTML of the notebook, pre-run]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link assets/ergm_tutorial.html %}){:target="_blank"} (see the notes and code)
- [HTML of the notebook, post-run]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link assets/ergm_tutorial_run.html %}){:target="_blank"} (see the notes and all the results of the code)
- [Github with the notebook](https://github.com/tedhchen/ergmWorkshop){:target="_blank"} (download the notebook to run yourself)
- [R Code]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link assets/ergm_tutorial.r %}){:target="_blank"} (download the R code to run in another environment e.g. RStudio)
